`Development`: Add branch naming conventions to documentation (#8504)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/dev/guidelines/client.rst

1. Dynamic Subscription Handling: Subscribe to topics on an as-needed basis. Unsubscribe from topics that are no longer needed to keep the number of active subscriptions within the recommended limit.
2. Efficient Topic Aggregation: Use topic aggregation techniques to consolidate related data streams into a single subscription wherever possible. Consequently, don't create a new topic if an existing one can be reused.
3. Small Messages: Send small messages and use DTOs. See :ref:`server-guideline-dto-usage` for more information and examples.

> 18. Styling
> ===========
> 
> We are using `Scss <https://sass-lang.com>`_ to write modular, reusable css. We have a couple of global scss files in ``webapp/content/scss`` but encourage `component dependent css with angular's styleUrls <https://angular.io/guide/component-styles>`_.
> 
> Within the component html files, we encourage the use of `bootstrap css <https://getbootstrap.com/>`_:
> 
> .. code-block:: html
> 
>     <div class="d-flex ms-2">some content</div>
> 

Author: ```suggestion
18. Styling
===========

We are using `Scss <https://sass-lang.com>`_ to write modular, reusable css. We have a couple of global scss files in ``webapp/content/scss``, but encourage component dependent css using `Angular styleUrls <https://angular.io/guide/component-styles>`_.

From a methodology viewpoint we encourage the use of `BEM <http://getbem.com/introduction/>`_:

.. code-block:: scss

    .my-container {
        // container styles
        &__content {
            // content styles
            &--modifier {
                // modifier styles
            }
        }
    }

Within the component html files, we encourage the use of `bootstrap css <https://getbootstrap.com/>`_:

.. code-block:: html

    <div class="d-flex ms-2">some content</div>

```

1. Dynamic Subscription Handling: Subscribe to topics on an as-needed basis. Unsubscribe from topics that are no longer needed to keep the number of active subscriptions within the recommended limit.
2. Efficient Topic Aggregation: Use topic aggregation techniques to consolidate related data streams into a single subscription wherever possible. Consequently, don't create a new topic if an existing one can be reused.
3. Small Messages: Send small messages and use DTOs. See :ref:`server-guideline-dto-usage` for more information and examples.

> 18. Styling

Author: ```suggestion
19. Styling
```
